Linda is 49 years old and lives with her
Ghanaian man dad in the Rotterdam area
charlois
at the age of nineteen her changed
live totally by a number
traumatic experiences
but who was linda when she was young?
Linda was one of the youngest
daughter of three mine
cheerful girl i was none on which
my parents they used to do you don't have to
to worry about
just ask lynde who knows me
was actually up to my nines in him
dare that cheerful girl who enjoyed
everything and that finally ended
her nineteenth
experienced something that made everything
I was then changed by a friend
raped
didn't get the right help for that
I also did not know really well
how to deal with that
continued my life as well
possibly just went back to work and with
20 and
then another incident happened
making this actually meet someone
which i thought hey might go
marry
in a while but that person turned out
afterwards
after about three months of dating
with a few had to be here
we actually ended up with one
hope misery in forced prostitution and
that totally changed my life yes
because at that time is as natural to
your body what you look like
in the end i even think it is that way
It was a kind of conscious choice
to be ugly then he got fat
growing my body was kind
protection if I lost my ugly
they no longer put me behind the window
or something
linda will open the foundation in 2009
eyes she does everything to girls who
be forced into forced prostitution
come to rescue
my mission is to have as many girls as possible
and help women in a situation
have come where I came in and they leave
but it went wrong in them especially
regain strength and strength
to be happy
the foundation is her life and has there
I have now given an important insight
already 95 words I want on an 80 pike
standing in front of a group and to people
tell hey that prostitution
not at all so beautiful of what we think
it is therefore a very scary dark world
I still want to do that I'm so old
wrinkled and all but it needs strength
to have and although fit and healthy
I just don't want to go with my t-shirt
you want to grab me out of the closet
makes jeans attractive
size 42 that had that nice fit
t-shirt and ready and not your own
this may be the case that they too
use their time and all beautiful thing
a fresh start